in the third month after the children of
in the third month after the children of Israel had gone out of the land of Egypt
Israel had gone out of the land of Egypt
Israel had gone out of the land of Egypt on the same day they came to the
on the same day they came to the
on the same day they came to the wilderness of Sinai for they had
wilderness of Sinai for they had
wilderness of Sinai for they had departed from resident had come to the
departed from resident had come to the
departed from resident had come to the wilderness of Sinai and camped in the
wilderness of Sinai and camped in the
wilderness of Sinai and camped in the wilderness so Israel camped there before
wilderness so Israel camped there before
wilderness so Israel camped there before the mountain and Moses went up to God
the mountain and Moses went up to God
the mountain and Moses went up to God and the Lord called to him from the
and the Lord called to him from the
and the Lord called to him from the mountain thus you shall say to the house
mountain thus you shall say to the house
mountain thus you shall say to the house of Jacob and tell the children of Israel
of Jacob and tell the children of Israel
of Jacob and tell the children of Israel you have seen what I did to the
you have seen what I did to the
you have seen what I did to the Egyptians and how I bore you on eagle's
Egyptians and how I bore you on eagle's
Egyptians and how I bore you on eagle's wings and brought you to myself now
wings and brought you to myself now
wings and brought you to myself now therefore if you will indeed obey my
therefore if you will indeed obey my
therefore if you will indeed obey my voice and keep my covenant then you
voice and keep my covenant then you
voice and keep my covenant then you shall be a special treasure to me above
shall be a special treasure to me above
shall be a special treasure to me above all people for all the earth is mine and
all people for all the earth is mine and
all people for all the earth is mine and you shall be to me a kingdom of priests
you shall be to me a kingdom of priests
you shall be to me a kingdom of priests and a holy nation these are the words
and a holy nation these are the words
and a holy nation these are the words which you shall speak to the children of
which you shall speak to the children of
which you shall speak to the children of Israel
Israel
Israel so Moses came and called for the elders
so Moses came and called for the elders
so Moses came and called for the elders of the people and laid before them all
of the people and laid before them all
of the people and laid before them all these words which the LORD commanded him
these words which the LORD commanded him
these words which the LORD commanded him and all the people answered together all
and all the people answered together all
and all the people answered together all that the Lord has spoken we will do so
that the Lord has spoken we will do so
that the Lord has spoken we will do so Moses brought back the words of the
Moses brought back the words of the
Moses brought back the words of the people to the Lord and the Lord said to
people to the Lord and the Lord said to
people to the Lord and the Lord said to Moses behold I come to you in the thick
Moses behold I come to you in the thick
Moses behold I come to you in the thick cloud that the people may hear when I
cloud that the people may hear when I
cloud that the people may hear when I speak with you and believe you for ever
speak with you and believe you for ever
speak with you and believe you for ever so Moses told the words of the people to
so Moses told the words of the people to
so Moses told the words of the people to the Lord then the Lord said to Moses go
the Lord then the Lord said to Moses go
the Lord then the Lord said to Moses go to the people and consecrate them today
to the people and consecrate them today
to the people and consecrate them today and tomorrow and let them wash their
and tomorrow and let them wash their
and tomorrow and let them wash their clothes and let them be ready for the
clothes and let them be ready for the
clothes and let them be ready for the third day for on the third day the Lord
third day for on the third day the Lord
third day for on the third day the Lord will come down upon Mount Sinai in the
will come down upon Mount Sinai in the
will come down upon Mount Sinai in the sight of all the people you shall set
sight of all the people you shall set
sight of all the people you shall set burns for the people all around saying
burns for the people all around saying
burns for the people all around saying take heed to yourselves that you do not
take heed to yourselves that you do not
take heed to yourselves that you do not go up to the mountain or touch its base
go up to the mountain or touch its base
go up to the mountain or touch its base whoever touches the mountain shall
whoever touches the mountain shall
whoever touches the mountain shall surely be put to death not a hand shall
surely be put to death not a hand shall
surely be put to death not a hand shall touch him but he shall surely be stoned
touch him but he shall surely be stoned
touch him but he shall surely be stoned or shot with an arrow with a man or
or shot with an arrow with a man or
or shot with an arrow with a man or beast he shall not live when the trumpet
beast he shall not live when the trumpet
beast he shall not live when the trumpet sounds long they shall come near the
sounds long they shall come near the
sounds long they shall come near the mountain so Moses went down from the
mountain so Moses went down from the
mountain so Moses went down from the mountain to the people and sanctified
mountain to the people and sanctified
mountain to the people and sanctified the people and they washed their clothes
the people and they washed their clothes
the people and they washed their clothes and he said to the people be ready for
and he said to the people be ready for
and he said to the people be ready for the third day do not come near your
the third day do not come near your
the third day do not come near your wives then it came to pass on the third
wives then it came to pass on the third
wives then it came to pass on the third day in the morning that there were
day in the morning that there were
day in the morning that there were thunders and lightnings
and a field cloud on the mountain and
and a field cloud on the mountain and the sound of the trumpet was very loud
the sound of the trumpet was very loud
the sound of the trumpet was very loud so that all the people who were in the
so that all the people who were in the
so that all the people who were in the camp trembled and Moses brought the
camp trembled and Moses brought the
camp trembled and Moses brought the people out of the camp to meet with God
people out of the camp to meet with God
people out of the camp to meet with God and they stood at the foot of the
and they stood at the foot of the
and they stood at the foot of the mountain
mountain
mountain now Mount Sinai was completely in smoke
now Mount Sinai was completely in smoke
now Mount Sinai was completely in smoke because the Lord descended upon it in
because the Lord descended upon it in
because the Lord descended upon it in fire its smoke ascended like the smoke
fire its smoke ascended like the smoke
fire its smoke ascended like the smoke of a furnace and the whole mountain
of a furnace and the whole mountain
of a furnace and the whole mountain quaked greatly
the blast of the trumpet sounded long
the blast of the trumpet sounded long and became louder and louder Moses spoke
and became louder and louder Moses spoke
and became louder and louder Moses spoke and God answered him by voice then the
and God answered him by voice then the
and God answered him by voice then the Lord came down upon Mount Simon on the
Lord came down upon Mount Simon on the
Lord came down upon Mount Simon on the top of the mountain
and the Lord called Moses to the top of
and the Lord called Moses to the top of the mountain and Moses went up and the
the mountain and Moses went up and the
the mountain and Moses went up and the Lord said to Moses go down and warn the
Lord said to Moses go down and warn the
Lord said to Moses go down and warn the people lest they break through to gaze
people lest they break through to gaze
people lest they break through to gaze of the Lord and many of them perish
of the Lord and many of them perish
of the Lord and many of them perish also let the priests who come near the
also let the priests who come near the
also let the priests who come near the Lord consecrate themselves lest the Lord
Lord consecrate themselves lest the Lord
Lord consecrate themselves lest the Lord break out against them but Moses said to
break out against them but Moses said to
break out against them but Moses said to the Lord the people can have come up to
the Lord the people can have come up to
the Lord the people can have come up to Mount Sinai for he warned us saying set
Mount Sinai for he warned us saying set
Mount Sinai for he warned us saying set bounds around the mountain and
bounds around the mountain and
bounds around the mountain and consecrated when the Lord said to him
consecrated when the Lord said to him
consecrated when the Lord said to him away get down and then come up you and
away get down and then come up you and
away get down and then come up you and Aaron with you but do not let the
Aaron with you but do not let the
Aaron with you but do not let the priests and the people break through to
priests and the people break through to
priests and the people break through to come up to the Lord lest he break out
come up to the Lord lest he break out
come up to the Lord lest he break out against them so Moses went down to the
against them so Moses went down to the
against them so Moses went down to the people and spoke to them
people and spoke to them
people and spoke to them you